
Jun 1:
Booted up the repo for the final project. Finally finished the design phase and moved up to the coding phase. So far only started working on the game class. 
Pygame window works, there is just nothing in it.
Only problem was that there was some issue importing the github repo into replit. 

June 5:
Initialized all the images in the asset folder to variables and a list
started working on the tile class, but its not completed as of now. 
plan on working on board class tmr. 

June 6:
drew the board, started on placing mines function. 
only problem today was the nested for loop for board_list which took way longer than it should have. tmr will continue on placing mines and maybe also calculating the clues for each surrounding tile. 

June 7:
added events such as clicking and right clicking, added clues and checking neighbors. drew the tiles onto the board. The game is playable and basically almost done the game now. the only thing left is to just pause the game when you lose and add a game check function to check if you win the game. 

June 8:
finished the main game, just have to add the extra things like main screen, timer and other stuff. Things that I did today include the check win function and the end screen function so that the game pauses when you win / lose. the timer function does not work as of right now because it does not reset between runs. working on main screen and timer tmr. 

June 9: Ive completed the timer, which is very rudimentary but it works. I'm not sure whether ill add a file to save the timed scores on but for now i need to work on the main screen/ start screen. 
I have finished a part of the start screen, now i just need to: 1. make it look better as it is a black screen right now 2. make it so it appears after you win/lose so you can cahnge difficulties without exiting program. 3. clean the code up and put them all in functions. 
June 12:
I have made the start screen into something decently presentable and also added images to the start screen. I have started working on a function to write the best timed score into a file. I have also added comments in the code. 

June 15: 
I made the pygame window resize with each level. I tried to move the timer into a text within the window and not the title but by adding to the height of the window, it changed the x and y input of the actual game so i gave up on that. I will try to save scores and then after that the game will be finished. 